Don't bother me about the Jiang family again
The Jiang family is Dad's lifelong hard work
You have the heart to watch him be destroyed
You don't have to be strong
Even if it's not for the Jiang family
Your adoptive mother is hospitalized
Although there is Dean Wang's treatment
The subsequent medical expenses
That's a lot of money.
Take the money
Not only will it cure your adoptive mother's disease
It can also ensure that you will have no worries about food and clothing for the rest of your life
If it was before breaking off the relationship
You brought me 2 million
Maybe I'll be grateful to you
And now we have nothing to do with each other.
I don't have to worry about you for the rest of my life
Dad actually cared about you before
You obviously cared so much about Dad before
Are you really dying?
An unwarm heart
I don't want to cover anymore
If he really cared
Why have you still treated me for so many years?
regardless
Why are you cutting ties with me in public again?
I haven't even recorded a face to face yet
Just for you to come here and persuade me
But it doesn't matter.
There is no relationship between us
I don't care if you can stop being so willful
I just want you to go to Huacang Group to explain.
It's not killing you.